Natalie Austin: Hi.
Jeremy Robinett: Hi.
Natalie Austin: I can hear you.
How
Natalie Austin: Are you
Natalie Austin: Welcome
Natalie Austin: Welcome to bright heart.
Jeremy Robinett: Thank you.
Jeremy Robinett: Sure, my girlfriend's daughter doctor
Natalie Austin: Yes. Yeah, thanks.
Natalie Austin: Martin thank her.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: I just saw her in group.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: I can hear him. I can hear you.
Natalie Austin: Loud to restart it.
Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Frozen.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I can hear you.
Check your microphone.
Jeremy Robinett: Hi. Hi.
Hi.
Natalie Austin: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Jeremy Robinett: Yes, I can hear you now.
Natalie Austin: Oh, perfect. Okay. Yay.
Jeremy Robinett: Good to go. Or do you mean me cuz I gotta run to the store.
Jeremy Robinett: I'd rather you
Natalie Austin: Hey, are you thank you for introducing them to
Us.
Natalie Austin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: How are you
Natalie Austin: Everything going okay
Jeremy Robinett: Can you hear us. Oh, sorry. Somebody call it
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I can hear you ever close
Jeremy Robinett: Okay.
Natalie Austin: When you're on the phone. That's the only time they call
Jeremy Robinett: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Well welcome to bright heart.
Natalie Austin: About your
Natalie Austin: Story. Tell me about your story.
Natalie Austin: Like how you got into old are you,
Jeremy Robinett: I'm actually I was
Jeremy Robinett: I was born on drugs. I was a drug, baby. Even at that time it was unheard of. But
Jeremy Robinett: I had a bad I started driving truck and headed back surgery and
Jeremy Robinett: Then I had a cyst, which actually just made it worse because they had me on my area and I always look for that feeling, then next thing you know,
Jeremy Robinett: I'm on opiates.
Jeremy Robinett: For that high again. Yeah. And then spent a few
Natalie Austin: Hi. How old are you, and that happened.
Jeremy Robinett: Hello.
Hello.
Jeremy Robinett: I'm sorry, I hope it's not my phones on
Natalie Austin: Mine I have all the bars. I'm on cell, you're an internet at my work and it looks like it's
Jeremy Robinett: Cellular and Wi Fi. I don't know.
If
I have
Jeremy Robinett: Said before
Natalie Austin: I heard everything you said yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Jeremy Robinett: So, so that's me.
Natalie Austin: No, no, it's okay. You know what I think it is everyone's on internet
Natalie Austin: Everyone's on the Internet.
Everywhere.
That's okay.
Natalie Austin: How old are you, and all that happened. Whenever you
First, when you got injured.
Jeremy Robinett: What's that
Natalie Austin: How old were you when you got injured.
Jeremy Robinett: I was released 22 when I got my sister.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Then a 24 another bad car accident.
Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: And then after that it was just
Jeremy Robinett: That point in time, I guess it was just easier to stay home. It was Ben.
Jeremy Robinett: Sorry. Um,
Natalie Austin: Any all this started
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they give you a opioid some
Jeremy Robinett: Well they was giving me more female burst.
Jeremy Robinett: More Veena Versed and then Percocet and then nothing
Jeremy Robinett: And it was kind of a call because I was young and my body didn't go through. I just thought I was, you know, Danville good but
Once
Jeremy Robinett: I don't know. Once I was introduced to heroin hours, it was more about. Yeah. I want to feel that way instead of just being normal and healthy.
Natalie Austin: So at what point did you go from the pills to the heroin.
Jeremy Robinett: took about a year.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And how old were you that at that point.
Jeremy Robinett: I would have been 20 years around 24
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, wonderful.
Natalie Austin: So did you snort or injector.
Natalie Austin: Did you start using ivy.
Jeremy Robinett: What's up,
Natalie Austin: Did you use ivy or just snorting it
Jeremy Robinett: And first snorting it
Jeremy Robinett: That was
Natalie Austin: No money. What's ID.
Natalie Austin: So I started what I
Natalie Austin: Love about age 25
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And and you've been doing it and you've been doing that ever since. Ever since I
Jeremy Robinett: Know I'm I've been clean a few years, except off the soapbox and that's it.
Jeremy Robinett: But other than that, I
Natalie Austin: So how long have you been playing two years.
Jeremy Robinett: Almost three years.
Natalie Austin: Three years. Great. Okay. And did you go to another clinic.
Natalie Austin: Before here, or did you buy. I don't buy off the street.
Jeremy Robinett: Um,
Jeremy Robinett: First we'll buy them off the street, and then we went to a couple different clinics.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and
This
Jeremy Robinett: Glass while we're gone.
Jeremy Robinett: I guess you could say.
Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: This way.
Jeremy Robinett: We have a neighbor. It's going through it, too, and he
Jeremy Robinett: Once again,
Jeremy Robinett: He recommended and girlfriend new so
Jeremy Robinett: We thought were, you were giving you guys a shot and
Jeremy Robinett: It's safe as well right now. It's the safest thing to do.
Natalie Austin: Is I know
Natalie Austin: So do you have, you can have a type of C or HIV at all from the
IV.
Jeremy Robinett: No.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you're tested and everything and
Natalie Austin: He died the bullet there. That's awesome.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I was lucky.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I was very, very lucky.
Natalie Austin: Because you are you are and IV for a long time.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You're, you're 39 now and you started out at 24 hmm So you're clean
Natalie Austin: 3738 36 so about 12 years
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That right 12 years using
Jeremy Robinett: Somebody beaten, um, I was just careful
Natalie Austin: Good for you. I'm glad. Yeah, cheerful.
Natalie Austin: And you're doing it. When's the last time you had a
Natalie Austin: A Suboxone now.
Jeremy Robinett: I'm
Jeremy Robinett: This morning
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sure you're not in what's dropping right now.
Jeremy Robinett: Right now, I'll pick out Tuesday.
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, I think that's what I'm
Sorry, I have a
Jeremy Robinett: I have a three year old and a two year old, and I am so mine screwed by this time of day.
Natalie Austin: I know
Jeremy Robinett: They drive me absolutely crazy.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Good upstairs know
Jeremy Robinett: What has got like that are way less than her body size. She got the shortest legs. I've ever seen.
Natalie Austin: And makes up
Jeremy Robinett: But there are terribly and I know when they come down, they just she's if you can get through drug addiction and toddlers.
Natalie Austin: You can get nothing.
Natalie Austin: I love it. You're so my husband says to so funny.
Oh my god.
Natalie Austin: And you have girls do they're harder. Well, harder when they're older, I guess.
Jeremy Robinett: We have a puppy. That's a girl. I'm an older dog. It's a girl and a cat. That's a girl. And then my two girls here and then we got one in custody battle we're about to be written back is a girl.
Natalie Austin: So yeah, you're outnumbered.
Jeremy Robinett: Numbered Hill. It's not even the word for it.
Natalie Austin: You're like that, you're like,
Natalie Austin: The hormones. They're just overshadowing you. Oh my gosh.
Jeremy Robinett: I can get through girls, you know, oh my gosh, you get through anything
Natalie Austin: That's funny.
Natalie Austin: But 22 we have
Jeremy Robinett: My doctor, he, he went he did me and Ashley. Like I feel like dirty. We went from two to one.
And
Natalie Austin: Yes, you told me
Jeremy Robinett: It was
Jeremy Robinett: Don't mean day one, just a half or not. I just
Jeremy Robinett: Did it for no reason. We weren't in failing dirty or nothing like that.
Jeremy Robinett: And I don't know.
Jeremy Robinett: What he did and he was such an asshole just
Jeremy Robinett: I'm not being mean. But he just had no bedside manner at all, he, he was God himself.
Natalie Austin: Oh, were you on this film or the tablets. What did he put you on
Jeremy Robinett: We were already on the tablets.
Natalie Austin: Do you want to go back to twice a day.
Jeremy Robinett: No, no.
Jeremy Robinett: No, absolutely.
Natalie Austin: No. Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: I just saw like one and a half.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Instead of just take
Natalie Austin: 50% okay
Jeremy Robinett: My two Year or I was just sitting here talking to you. My four year old.
Jeremy Robinett: She's come up to me, she's like there's poop in live
Natalie Austin: See what I do.
I know
Jeremy Robinett: Why
Jeremy Robinett: Go to the bathroom. There's white areas rain.
Jeremy Robinett: Go to the bathroom, no go in the bathroom. Sorry.
Natalie Austin: Bathroom
Jeremy Robinett: Oh my gosh.
Natalie Austin: There's a mute button on there if you need to mute it
Natalie Austin: Just FYI.
Jeremy Robinett: That makes you feel good.
Jeremy Robinett: That was probably a good time.
Jeremy Robinett: We have a few minutes for another disaster happens
Jeremy Robinett: No.
Jeremy Robinett: Stop fighting you
Natalie Austin: Know, hypertension, diabetes, anything, any other medical
Natalie Austin: Medical history.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh wow, you're healthy guy. Good for you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Any pass surgeries.
Jeremy Robinett: Just at CES. I had
Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, it was when I started truck driving and I guess that was back in 2003 2002 and four.
Jeremy Robinett: But that was not that was just getting an infection out pretty much. It wasn't like an actual, you know, back surgery where you guys do rehab that
Natalie Austin: Were. How did you get the abscess. You remember
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, just driving truck.
Jeremy Robinett: Sitting all the time.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: It was on your like you're on the top of your but
Jeremy Robinett: The bottom of my spine.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they call it a pilot model.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, but it does from where I was sitting all the time. Drive and I wasn't used to that. That's right. When I first got my license and I
Jeremy Robinett: Was just trying to like it's kind of like a one time deal and
Jeremy Robinett: Roger home. He's like, you know, Amish get it. Anybody that sets a lot why they're working
Jeremy Robinett: nicest yeah so I want nothing, you know,
Jeremy Robinett: Genetics or anything like that. It was just starting to drive traffic.
Natalie Austin: I heard those are painful.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh my gosh. Well, I was stubborn back then, before that's before I used, and I was
About
Jeremy Robinett: You know what I mean, one of the doctor or getting pain medication, anything like that. That's back when I was stubborn and then at certain things over. Then I was like oh wow balls to the wall. I want to feel that way again and it took a little while but it happened.
Natalie Austin: Today, I'm glad you had that surgery. The release allow the infection you operation that
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah. It helped a lot. And I don't think they said it won't come back. I'm pretty sure they said it won't come back.
Jeremy Robinett: Well, it's been
Jeremy Robinett: Well 14 years roughly
Jeremy Robinett: 12 to 14 years
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: I don't think it's coming back.
Natalie Austin: I said any other surgeries just says to one on your back and one on the right.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, that was
Natalie Austin: In the back, sir. Did you do remember where it was like the lumbar
Jeremy Robinett: Else.
Jeremy Robinett: There was lower on my spine just above my book. Correct.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So one surgery and just for the cysts removal
Jeremy Robinett: Well, one was to drain the infection. The other one was they pulled the cyst out there was two surgeries within a couple
Natalie Austin: Okay, well then how long
Jeremy Robinett: And that was, I'm pretty sure it was like 2004
Okay.
Natalie Austin: No other 35 your tonsils your appendix.
Jeremy Robinett: Know,
Natalie Austin: You still have all those
Jeremy Robinett: Yep.
Natalie Austin: You don't have surgery on any of those
Jeremy Robinett: Words that
Natalie Austin: You never have surgery on your tonsils.
Jeremy Robinett: No, never. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents still alive.
Jeremy Robinett: Um, I don't know who my dad is. And yes, my mom still on my birth.
Natalie Austin: How does, how does your mom now feel alive and well. Does she have diabetes or hypertension.
Jeremy Robinett: No, she don't have anything I'm honestly. She's 14 years older than me so
Jeremy Robinett: 53
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, young
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, telling me.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh,
Natalie Austin: What
Jeremy Robinett: We've never had. We've never had a good history together so
Jeremy Robinett: She uses and I don't
Natalie Austin: Use IV.
Jeremy Robinett: I honestly I don't know what she does. I just know that she's, she's, she's not
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: I gotta get her into the program with us.
Jeremy Robinett: Um,
Jeremy Robinett: I've tried before. But
Natalie Austin: Anyway, what did she say
Jeremy Robinett: She's, she's, she's happy where she's at and I'm happy where I'm at. It's
Natalie Austin: Good for you.
Natalie Austin: Make sure you do. What's that, yeah. Make sure you keep yourself safe. Yeah, absolutely.
Natalie Austin: Right, you have a good fiance there too. She's awesome.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, she is.
Jeremy Robinett: We did a kid.
Natalie Austin: I know it up.
Jeremy Robinett: He told me that. That's good. Yeah, we did we did together. And we've been good for sense
Good.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Jeremy Robinett: I have
Jeremy Robinett: Three Brothers by my actual birth mother and then my adopted family or two brothers there on the straight and narrow. The other ones are in and out of prison. I don't
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Your mom give you up for adoption. So you mean
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, she adopted me or adopted me out in
Jeremy Robinett: The family.
Jeremy Robinett: Housing. It was like three or four days old. My back then it was the
Jeremy Robinett: Right, things were never
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I just
Natalie Austin: Saw your adoptive family, you still talk to them.
Jeremy Robinett: There's not many alive honestly really
Jeremy Robinett: The few one. It's a long story with my family like we'd be your own
Jeremy Robinett: It's kind of like if I see you at Walmart how I love you, give you a kind of thing other than that.
Jeremy Robinett: There's no family get togethers, there's, I mean,
Jeremy Robinett: Addiction went through my family like crazy that
Natalie Austin: Even even
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: I'm my adopted. That's what I'm saying is my adoptive family was my spill my family. It just where she was so young.
Jeremy Robinett: great uncle and aunt adopting
Natalie Austin: Okay, God,
Jeremy Robinett: You are still in there. So I know
Jeremy Robinett: Right. But addiction. It's just between alcoholism and everything else. It was no
Natalie Austin: All
Right.
Natalie Austin: Sarah mom was doing drugs at 13 or 14 when she got pregnant with you. Huh.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Wow, that's a young
Jeremy Robinett: Well, they had free reign. My grandma was an addict and my grandpa was and
Jeremy Robinett: He worked at Fisher body with
Jeremy Robinett: Him back in the day and his. He was one of them drinkers. They said he called in like 17 times that his grandma.
Jeremy Robinett: Black and white shit the 60s, 70s.
Jeremy Robinett: Uh huh. It was it was
Jeremy Robinett: Different time like if you had
Jeremy Robinett: If you had a worker, you had a good worker. If you didn't, there was plenty of people waiting at the fence every day waiting on are waiting on the job.
Right.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I was always in the family is just the whole family was
Dysfunctional
Jeremy Robinett: Right.
Natalie Austin: So she never told you, who your dad was
Natalie Austin: Like she got pregnant.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: She has she was honest about it, but she said
Natalie Austin: She don't know
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm social history, you're engaged.
Natalie Austin: D. Are you employed or unemployed looking for a job laid off.
Natalie Austin: On disability.
Natalie Austin: Oh, we lost you.
Jeremy Robinett: Come here. Hey,
Are you working
Jeremy Robinett: I'm gearing it started back. I was doing like under table tops construction concrete all that
Jeremy Robinett: Okay wait for him.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. Oh, your seasonal us right seasonal
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use marijuana use
Jeremy Robinett: pack of cigarettes a day and
Natalie Austin: That's what age.
Natalie Austin: 19 okay
Natalie Austin: And then the on
Marijuana
Jeremy Robinett: Marijuana use is once in a while like
Jeremy Robinett: I've been nauseous here lately and more than any kind of over the counter or whatever marijuana
Jeremy Robinett: We got just to be honest, we got a person that lives down Ramos, they
sell marijuana
Jeremy Robinett: I said, You are funny thing that
Jeremy Robinett: Makes you not
Jeremy Robinett: They actually found Australian
Natalie Austin: That will make you
Jeremy Robinett: Know it just takes the nausea.
So hired
Natalie Austin: Methamphetamine use or anything else.
Natalie Austin: No, no.
Natalie Austin: And I'll go
Jeremy Robinett: I'm socially.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any allergies anything
Jeremy Robinett: Know,
Natalie Austin: Any medications.
Jeremy Robinett: On Claudine and I reprogrammed and get
Natalie Austin: It. What's the gap open for
Jeremy Robinett: I'm just where I had that says
That
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, just that.
Natalie Austin: I must you take for that or
Jeremy Robinett: Are you right now, just three six hundreds, a day.
Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Well, this whole process takes about an hour. I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Well, we're halfway done.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
I'm
Natalie Austin: Ready or 30 minutes already.
Jeremy Robinett: They didn't know Amazon. So I gave
Jeremy Robinett: Him and
Jeremy Robinett: So forth.
Jeremy Robinett: On
Jeremy Robinett: Tuesday. Can she means in a bar next to the skin. Correct. And
Natalie Austin: Let's say I say your prescription in already. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're good until Tuesday. Right.
Jeremy Robinett: Well,
Jeremy Robinett: This past Tuesday was the day that we got our script both went out.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Um, both of our scripts, actually, because we got we went to counseling together. Dr. Together, everything like
Jeremy Robinett: We literally had like a
Jeremy Robinett: It was like just me and him in counseling just me and him in the doctor.
Never
Natalie Austin: Feel, you do need one on. But do you need them on Tuesday, are you now.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh, I needed out because I wrote, I ran out Tuesday.
Natalie Austin: Oh years I sent out already.
Jeremy Robinett: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, awesome on him. Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, you're out.
Jeremy Robinett: You got your prescriptions on the same day. I did. So you're out to say yes.
Jeremy Robinett: No. Okay. See, she told me she left and said Tuesday I know when she does her medicine.
Jeremy Robinett: I when she does like when she pays bills. She gives it to me and I do
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, cuz I only left. So yeah, if you can do mine too.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: What's that
Natalie Austin: You can pick up both of them today.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh, okay. Well, I think the world. Did she said you don't Hirsch.
Jeremy Robinett: Yep. Okay. Yeah, already closed so we just
Natalie Austin: Are the clothes.
Natalie Austin: Oh, well that's really close early huh
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm setting years. Now listen, there
Natalie Austin: Right now.
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, yeah. What I was saying, as they are a family owned business they close early but
Natalie Austin: They close like six
Six.
Natalie Austin: Wow. That's crazy.
Jeremy Robinett: That's time
Natalie Austin: Get both of yours are called in today. So it'll be it'll be ready in the morning.
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, so we'll get a time and everything for counseling. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, cool.
Jeremy Robinett: My first
Jeremy Robinett: Oh, surely did her first session today, so I'll get a slumping saying when I get mine right
Natalie Austin: Yes, would be next Thursday next Thursday probably
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, it'll probably it'll be next Thursday at six, so you'll be in with me there were
Jeremy Robinett: A lot of other people.
Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: It's nice just quote somebody that you can just talk to
Jeremy Robinett: Just about the medication.
Jeremy Robinett: Or not.
Jeremy Robinett: But she. Okay, are we good
Natalie Austin: No, no.
Natalie Austin: I saw a couple more things to do here. Hold on.
Natalie Austin: I'm Eddie. I only got one of the medicines down the Gabba most the other medicine.
Natalie Austin: And how much quantity aneurysm.
Jeremy Robinett: Point 0.1
Natalie Austin: Okay, yep.
Jeremy Robinett: ibuprofen, I know that.
Natalie Austin: Is it
Jeremy Robinett: Should only hydroxyl.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: That's it.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh, and say,
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, it's for heartburn.
Jeremy Robinett: Yes.
What's the
Jeremy Robinett: Stock
Natalie Austin: you're accessing for help you sleep.
Natalie Austin: Or
Jeremy Robinett: It's kind of her. Yeah, pretty much.
Natalie Austin: Right. Do you have anxiety is a person's it maybe
Jeremy Robinett: She gave it to me thinking. I had anxiety because my blood pressure was kind of high so she just
Natalie Austin: If they'll take her blood pressure. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Your blood pressure still high.
Jeremy Robinett: When it wants to be
Natalie Austin: 150 25 or 10 remember which one
Jeremy Robinett: I don't
Natalie Austin: Like
Jeremy Robinett: What which one
They know the
Natalie Austin: racks and racks.
Jeremy Robinett: Zan
Jeremy Robinett: Zan, Zan or
No.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh,
Jeremy Robinett: No, no.
Jeremy Robinett: Grab phones in the charger and I'm on the couch or twice.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: She did last time, sweetie.
Natalie Austin: Mommy and Daddy.
Natalie Austin: Good girl. Thank you. Good job. Thank you.
Jeremy Robinett: Tablet good
Natalie Austin: Night.
Natalie Austin: Please said that the members all as
Jeremy Robinett: Well, I think so.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And what was the other thing she said
Natalie Austin: The medicine for your
Natalie Austin: High blood for
Jeremy Robinett: The club name is point one.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The hydrazine.
Jeremy Robinett: 50 milligrams
Natalie Austin: 50 okay we got it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that in here. Yeah, this this video, like a point with it takes forever, except the right type everything in. So, I'm sorry.
Jeremy Robinett: Just we got an old phone it dies so fast. We got to keep it on charger all the time.
Natalie Austin: Oh, yes. Right, who did that to you last time.
It.
Natalie Austin: Isn't like drowsy and or hydroxyl thing.
I
Jeremy Robinett: Got an accident.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Hi, Roxanne
Natalie Austin: There's two words are so similar shouldn't be allowed.
Jeremy Robinett: Right. All right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we got all your meds down
Natalie Austin: Gabba Penton
Natalie Austin: Your friend Clonidine ibuprofen a map resolve hydroxyl seen
God
Jeremy Robinett: Man.
Natalie Austin: Am I missing anything.
No.
Natalie Austin: You're fine.
Natalie Austin: We're fine.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me go back to their
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, let's see here.
Natalie Austin: Did you have you got any prescriptions in any other states like
Natalie Austin: Ohio. I mean, West Virginia or
Pennsylvania.
Jeremy Robinett: While I'm in Ohio, but no.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Sometimes people cross lines and get prescriptions so
Natalie Austin: They lived over there.
Jeremy Robinett: No. No other prescriptions from any other states.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And did they get you any information on the urine drug screen yet.
Jeremy Robinett: We're going to take a day off work.
To do that.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, well it's
Natalie Austin: It's the first one. After that you guys can do the urine drug screens at home.
Jeremy Robinett: They know what
Jeremy Robinett: We've been through, and we were honest about it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I know, I know. After the first time you guys can do the urine from home, they'll give you a cup will send you a up
Natalie Austin: You can do
Natalie Austin: Which is good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, check your thing.
Natalie Austin: Jeremy
Natalie Austin: Or
Natalie Austin: The
Natalie Austin: Date of birth for
Natalie Austin: Eight.
Natalie Austin: Look, we lost you.
Natalie Austin: What's your, what's your zip code.
Natalie Austin: For 490249 through two
Natalie Austin: And you're just had a birthday, happy birthday.
Couple weeks ago. Huh.
Natalie Austin: You're right, you're
Natalie Austin: The first. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's perfect.
Timing
Natalie Austin: Okay review of systems.
Natalie Austin: 14 point system review essentially negative know nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, and my algis no edema no anxiety know heart palpitations.
Natalie Austin: Just put negative for all of them.
Natalie Austin: Nausea, vomiting, fever,
Jeremy Robinett: Chills
Natalie Austin: Any problem right now.
Natalie Austin: You don't have any symptoms of any sort.
Greg.
Jeremy Robinett: Know,
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Damn, General of the wonders white male know keep the stress at AMP T Perla cardiac causes attack lungs only respiration seven understand extremities know Dema admin understanding
Natalie Austin: Sigler Dorian times three and neuro cranial nerves to the 12 attacked MS by flesh five
Natalie Austin: Skin rashes next line lymphatics know fed up with the
Natalie Austin: Next, my assessment opioid abuse F1 1.10
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use GERD.
Jeremy Robinett: History of
Natalie Austin: This. Yeah. Can you hear me.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I'm here.
Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Connection.
Natalie Austin: I have no idea. I'm not know that at all. Let me check mine again.
Natalie Austin: I have one bar.
Natalie Austin: What my internet I have
Natalie Austin: I have both internet and Wi Fi.
Natalie Austin: Murky on my phone.
Jeremy Robinett: I have no idea what
Jeremy Robinett: You're hearing
Natalie Austin: From us done we're getting close to the end.
Natalie Austin: It might be my phone, but I don't know we just, we just had ours increased yesterday, so I hope it's not mine.
Natalie Austin: I don't know.
Natalie Austin: How many bottles. How many bars do you have on your
Jeremy Robinett: As soon as I have all of ours.
Natalie Austin: Okay, see here
Natalie Austin: I have two bars.
Natalie Austin: But I also have the cellular. This is working to cricket.
Natalie Austin: It says 4G
Natalie Austin: federalize
Natalie Austin: Yes it yeah yeah that's what the problem is.
Jeremy Robinett: When we add cricket.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm kind of recovery air.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Maybe you guys don't have a cricket at AMP T bottom
Jeremy Robinett: Oh,
Jeremy Robinett: Well before I lose you. I mean,
Jeremy Robinett: Not in the bad way. But what else you need a Marshal
Natalie Austin: Dictating right whatever I'm monthly urine drug screen. I'll send that to you via email.
Natalie Austin: One time LAB WORK THE LAB WORK JUST SHOWS, so we can get your check your law liver and kidneys. That's all.
Jeremy Robinett: So that's a one time thing you do.
Natalie Austin: On the monthly drug free
Natalie Austin: Will send you. You can just do them in your home. You don't have to go anywhere.
Natalie Austin: It's probably easier with kids to have to go anywhere.
Natalie Austin: With the current
Natalie Austin: Coffee.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use discuss mental health discussed
And
Natalie Austin: See what else or check. I want to check your spirit. Yeah. Your last prescription was ran out on Tuesdays with this says
Natalie Austin: He was given to you weekly
Natalie Austin: Um, let me see here this is you went there for a while.
Jeremy Robinett: Our last doctor was
Jeremy Robinett: Tritium skiing.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. Michael's for 10 ski do in Mansfield
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, that was our last
Natalie Austin: Bad huh
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, that's why we last
Jeremy Robinett: He was a
Jeremy Robinett: He was a gynecologist he'd have really bad bedside manners.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Manner.
Jeremy Robinett: He just when God is some oxygen.
Jeremy Robinett: Pretty much.
Jeremy Robinett: Insurance the money had no idea because he was a pain doctor and he would hand pain medicine.
Jeremy Robinett: Ronnie other and
Jeremy Robinett: Look down on other people that
Jeremy Robinett: abuse them.
Natalie Austin: A lot of those people to abuse them right. Oh.
Jeremy Robinett: Right, that's not
Jeremy Robinett: Right, he will prescribe moment.
Natalie Austin: Is he still in business.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah yeah
That's a shame.
Jeremy Robinett: Accounts counselors and texting and calling
Natalie Austin: Other wondering where you guys are
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: And we wait two years, the way he would look at it. The glass is
Jeremy Robinett: Empty and said,
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, he would automate
Jeremy Robinett: We relapse or well he said that we smoke cigarettes with
Jeremy Robinett: 700 times likely to relapse.
Natalie Austin: sounds far fetched.
Jeremy Robinett: He stopped. He was
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Let me see. I gotta check one more thing here computer
Natalie Austin: You have to date on all your immunizations.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah yeah
Jeremy Robinett: Having the same number, you're going to
Jeremy Robinett: Get through to one of us, so
Natalie Austin: Oh, cool.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I mean she works first shift and I do too. So
Jeremy Robinett: She usually has the phone. We're going to buy another phone but you can always get all. It's just do it early, because, you know, four or five o'clock, so the end of our day.
Jeremy Robinett: Right. Everything is closed, blah, blah. So I just get a hold of us early, other than I know because I went
Jeremy Robinett: Early early, but the, you know, at least leave a message. Oh, yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: Okay, we're done.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, looks like on
Natalie Austin: Your looks like the word your labs and stuff. So let me see what they sent them lab request out okay lab order hepatitis panel.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Do you have a live near you, where you can get labs done like West
Jeremy Robinett: Class.
Jeremy Robinett: Was just like a model for almost
Natalie Austin: Perfect. Okay.
That's
Jeremy Robinett: Great.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's amazing. Okay, so it looks like we have everything ordered here for you yeah quest. Okay. They probably already sent it to quest. Did you get an email saying that
Natalie Austin: No.
Jeremy Robinett: No just a
Jeremy Robinett: Short
Natalie Austin: Order.
Natalie Austin: This is what on April 16
Natalie Austin: So should already be sitting there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we'll just call him.
Natalie Austin: I call before you go, just call it a quest and say, Do you have a requisition here for for me for Jeremy, give me your name.
Natalie Austin: But it looks like it's already for you.
Natalie Austin: That's the hepatitis our PR HIV. So you see
Your mouth.
Jeremy Robinett: So she's going to get there and then get me there.
Jeremy Robinett: Same day
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good. Yeah. I would do that.
Natalie Austin: Is it really girls getting ready for bed. It sounds quite there.
Jeremy Robinett: Post planner right now. Right. Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, when they require that's that's myself. You take advantage of.
Natalie Austin: When my boys are quiet. I get scared. I'm like, what are they doing
Jeremy Robinett: Exactly.
Jeremy Robinett: The day for yesterday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, nice. Okay.
Actually
Jeremy Robinett: Showers and then
Natalie Austin: They come back.
Natalie Austin: Like five times.
Jeremy Robinett: Right.
Natalie Austin: They don't come out for five minutes.
Jeremy Robinett: Yes, oh my gosh, yes.
Jeremy Robinett: Do is
Jeremy Robinett: That we use
Natalie Austin: I need something else to drink. I need something to eat. I need something to drink.
Natalie Austin: Yep, anything to get out of bed right
Jeremy Robinett: You know where your bathroom using conditioners lotion.
Jeremy Robinett: That
She
Jeremy Robinett: She just said, oh, it's not just our kids.
Natalie Austin: Go.
Jeremy Robinett: He's a good cause I couldn't imagine these sure I have one son, me being a boy, you try to read that thing off.
Jeremy Robinett: I
Jeremy Robinett: Mean
Jeremy Robinett: To get after him.
Natalie Austin: About your kids.
Natalie Austin: To do you have another song you said you're trying to get custody of
Jeremy Robinett: More
Jeremy Robinett: Year old
Jeremy Robinett: Twins at eight.
Natalie Austin: Nine year old and a set of twins that are eight
Jeremy Robinett: Year old and a four year old and
Jeremy Robinett: An eight year. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Natalie Austin: We're all the other kids.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, we have a nasty divorce.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, I got
Jeremy Robinett: My neighbors, get my daughter back like she's
Natalie Austin: Yeah, she's telling about that. Good, good, good.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah, foster children services. So I'm getting her back I papers or show
Natalie Austin: And then your
Natalie Austin: Twins.
Natalie Austin: Are you do you see your twins, a lot
Jeremy Robinett: Um,
Jeremy Robinett: I gotta we
Jeremy Robinett: Gotta wait
Jeremy Robinett: We are nasty, nasty towards she divorced him. He took us a kids because he had kids with me.
Natalie Austin: Oh mine was jealous.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah yeah
I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: That is a nine year old is that the same
Mom.
Jeremy Robinett: She is. She lives in mom.
Jeremy Robinett: Mom.
Natalie Austin: Your 19 year old.
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How long were you married
Jeremy Robinett: Jerry said her belly hurts.
Jeremy Robinett: Oh,
Jeremy Robinett: Awesome 15 years
Natalie Austin: You're probably in your teens when you
Natalie Austin: Were young
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Jeremy Robinett: He just turned 18 I think
Jeremy Robinett: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Son, or both. All three our daughters.
Jeremy Robinett: You know, I have one son, he's 2018 and my old
Jeremy Robinett: You're pushing things with your cheek. Get them away from here. It's hot. Get away from your ear. It's not. You're not your own video. Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Put it
Jeremy Robinett: On. Let me see it.
Natalie Austin: Is a hot
Jeremy Robinett: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Run that
Natalie Austin: Wireless done just run that by me about the ages. Again, I
Natalie Austin: Was 19 that's a girl.
Natalie Austin: And how old are the twins.
So,
Jeremy Robinett: A
Natalie Austin: Eight.
Natalie Austin: And then when
Natalie Austin: The twins are one boy one girl.
Jeremy Robinett: Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: My daughter.
Jeremy Robinett: Night in 19
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Okay 190 dollars, eight, seven, that's eight. Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any other questions for me.
Jeremy Robinett: No.
Natalie Austin: I'm hopefully they'll email you with them all the information about your individual and your group appointments. But if they don't just call in
Natalie Austin: Check.
Natalie Austin: But they should email everything to you.
Jeremy Robinett: All have them call them. They're all nicely because I didn't get an email. I had a call.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, you might have to, we're getting so busy.
Natalie Austin: That they're getting the girls are getting inundated and getting overwhelmed. I think so. The quicker if you probably call it in
Jeremy Robinett: Our call. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Jeremy Robinett: Very much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Welcome again, nice meeting you guys and I'll see you next week. Okay.
Jeremy Robinett: Nice, nice to meet you and see you next week.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.